Update changelog for v8.0.7 (#9161)
MetaMask/metamask-extension: CHANGELOG.md

## Current Develop Branch

## 8.0.7 Fri Aug 07 2020
- [#9065](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/9065): Change title of "Reveal Seed Words" page to "Reveal Seed Phrase"
- [#8974](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/8974): Add tooltip to copy button for contacts and seed phrase
- [#9063](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/9063): Fix broken UI upon failed password validation
- [#9075](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/9075): Fix shifted popup notification when browser is in fullscreen on macOS
- [#9085](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/9085): Support longer text in network dropdown
- [#8873](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/8873): Fix onboarding bug where user can be asked to verify seed phrase twice
- [#9104](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/9104): Replace "Email us" button with "Contact us" button

> - [#9137](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/9137): Fix bug with dapps when an `iframe` is garbage collected

Reviewer: Hm, I think this would've happen whenever a tab to the same site was closed too.

Author: Ah, excellent point! I'll re-word this.

Author: Updated! The newer description is _OK_ but not fantastic, so I'd welcome any suggestions.

> - [#9137](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/9137): Fix bug where `accountsChanged` events stop after a dapp connection is closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#9137](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/9137): Fix bug where `accountsChanged` events stopped for all open instances of a dapp if one was closed
```

Author: 🤔 
This wording doesn't seem applicable to iframes though - the graph iframe we saw isn't exactly an "instance of a dapp"

Author: I guess I'll leave it as-is for now
